Update readme (#1012)
Shopify/slate: README.md

Due to project priority and resource constraints, this project is currently on low maintenance. We recognize that there are a lot of activities around this package. However, we are unable to accommodate the maintenance this project requires.

### What does this mean?

There will be no dedicated maintaner during this period. All future work will be
evaluated base on **Shopify themes development needs** bias.

For example:

> - Features / bug fixes PRs will be addressed by any Shopify developers if their work is either blocked by Slate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PRs for bug fixes will be addressed by Shopify developers if their own work is blocked; either by bugs that have not yet been fixed or if their own work could benefit from new Slate features that do not currently exist.
```

  or could be highly benefit with Slate integration.

> - Community PRs are welcome, however, we cannot promise a quick turn around for review, merge and publish. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Community PRs are always welcome! However, we cannot promise a quick turnaround time for reviewing, merging and publishing these updates. This is entirely up to the availability of Shopify developers and PR contributions will be addressed intermittently and when time permits.
```

>   is up to the availabilty of any Shopify developers that takes the time to address a community PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Since there is no dedicated maintaner, there is no expectations for any Shopify developers to address other request / issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since there is no dedicated maintainer, there won't any expectations for Shopify developers to address others' requests and/or issues, other than the ones they are currently working on.
```

> other than the ones they are working on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
